[Music]
[Applause]
how are its Ruby and today I am going to
be doing a desk tour and organizing my
desk space with me I hope that you enjoy
[Music]
so my desk is now all organized and I'm
going to give you a tour of my desk
space this is very long overdue because
my last desk tool was at the beginning
of 2017 so we're gonna start over here I
actually did take down a little postcard
display that I had up here work is I
wanted it to just look a bit cleaner
because it's Christmas I've put this
canvas in here with this winter scape on
that my parents absolutely hate but I
really like it because it's really fast
and it lights up I also keep my study
planner on the front here because I use
this pretty much every day and I've got
this really cool Shakespeare timeline
ruler which I've had for a good seven
years now oh and look here I've also got
some Christmas cards
this one's from my mum and this one's
from a really lovely viewer Olivia who I
met at social in the city okay so then
here is the actual main desk space and I
don't really keep that much on here I
always keep my laptop charging and then
over on this side I've just got this
little Muji organizer where I've got
some post-it notes
my mum made this this is the revision
remedy I always keep my SD cards here as
well and I've also got some matches here
probably my favorite thing about my desk
is that it does overlook a window and if
it is possible for you to positional
desk right in front of a window I would
really recommend it some people find it
distracting but I think it's quite
grounding okay so this is what I've got
on the actual windowsill
so round here I've got this mini
clipboard that I got from Kiki came and
then I've got this Matilda mug which
says I'm wondering what to read next
Matilda said I finished all the
children's books and in here I've just
got my whole collection of wild - and
then over on this side I've got another
pan pot this is a really lovely one that
I got from India jane goodall of these
leaves kind of imprinted into the glass
and this is the stationery I use the
most often okay I've got my feather
quill back here has definitely seen
better days I actually got this for
Christmas when I was 9 and it's still my
favorite one so even though all of the
CO the feathers kind of fall into pieces
it's all them I still keep one display
on my desk then I've got this candle
snuffer
I've got my lovely candelabra
I've also got this little pot where I
keep some Bulldog clips and paper clips
now here up sit over here I got some
candles this is my favorite candle it's
the 2 T 1 V Baker Street one from from
the page I've also got this little dish
solution and on it I've got loads of
bottles of ink cuz I really do like
writing with dipping pan I always keep
my water bottle here because it's really
important to think I'd rate it when you
study this is one from sand cloud which
was kind of sent to me under here we've
got just a candle holder back here in
these two boxes um in this first one
sticky notes I use them all the time I
didn't even know how I managed to use
and so often and in this one I've got
lots of washi tape if I had to recommend
one there's this path from Amazon which
is $8.99 you at 24 these nature scapes
ones which I'll leave that down below
usually what she takes really expenses I
can't even believe that they sell these
ones so then we bought this basket with
some more stationery and so um gonna run
through really quickly what's in here
I've got this pencil case with lots of
highlighters hand sanitizer is very
important this is the scent Johns
Ambulance line I always feel like you
know the author in name's Island oh yeah
this huge yeah I'm nearly finished which
makes you really sad so I'm gonna have
to order another of the three packs of
these I got this mini tofu cube which
you can put your phone in and then when
you've got a climber on you can see the
time marauders map to-do list white
lines we love white lines I've got some
of my study planners I have a lot of
notebooks and all of the ones here have
a very specific purpose so then lastly
over here at the back I could have been
on top of this box Ellen I've got this
really fast of tin from an original tear
and then here I've got all of my pens
the ones that aren't on my desk right
back here I've just got an a4 white
lines paper pad I've got my master to-do
list and I also got this envelope folder
where I keep these timetable sheets for
productive sunny day um so I'll come
back to this and just as that but on the
size because it's Christmas at the
moment I
my cat kids doing Christmas organizer
and in my old chilies bottle holder I
kept since back candlesticks then in
this really special box I keep
stationary more stationary I have quite
a lot of stationary um so I've got more
notebooks here namely though this is
where I keep a slore of loads of my
study planners because I do use these
pretty much every day I've got this in
the pot where I keep page flags here on
more sticky notes literally I don't even
I forget how many I have
I feel like lots of people getting with
me as gifts as well the kids they know
that I like them I say this here is my a
bag of miscellaneous stationery so I've
got some USB stick staplers rubber bands
ink cartridges and hair and lastly in
this little ziplock bag I keep my
sealing wax and I love seeing my letters
that singing like so this is really nice
to have so thank you so much for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed watching and I hope that you
have a productive week
[Music]
you